Exhibit 10-41



EXECUTION COPY



EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

          This AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of June 14,
1999 (the "Agreement"), by and among Energy East Corporation, a New York
corporation (the "Company"), CMP Group, Inc., a Maine corporation or its
successor ("CMP"), and David T. Flanagan (the "Executive"), supersedes and
replaces that certain Agreement dated December 31, 1997 and amended March 18,
1999, by and between CMP and the Executive (the "Prior Agreement").

          The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") desires to provide
for the employment of the Executive as a member of the management of the Company
and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates, and the Executive is willing to
commit himself to serve the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, on the
terms and conditions herein provided.

          In order to effect the foregoing, the Company, CMP and the Executive
wish to enter into an employment agreement on the terms and conditions set forth
below. Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the respective
covenants and agreements of the parties herein contained, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

          1.          Defined Terms. The definitions of capitalized terms used
in this Agreement, unless otherwise defined herein, are provided in the last
Section hereof.

          2.          Employment. The Company hereby agrees to employ the
Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to serve the Company and its
subsidiaries and affiliates, on the terms and conditions set forth herein,
during the term of this Agreement (the "Term").

          3.          Term of Agreement. The Term will commence at the Effective
Time of the Merger as those terms are defined in the Agreement and Plan of
Merger dated as of June 14, 1999, by and among CMP, the Company and EE Merger
Corp., a Maine corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the
"Merger Agreement"), and end on the third anniversary of the day on which the
Effective Time occurs, unless further extended as hereinafter provided.
Commencing on the first day of the month following the Effective Time and each
succeeding month thereafter, the Term of this Agreement shall automatically be
extended for one (1) additional month unless the Company, or the Executive shall
have given prior written notice not to extend this Agreement.

          4.          Position and Duties. The Executive shall serve as
President of the Company, and Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
CMP, and shall also serve in any such executive officer position of the Company
or its subsidiaries and affiliates if so appointed by the Board, and shall
report only, and directly, to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company. Upon the Effective Time, the Executive shall be appointed to the Board
of Directors of the Company and CMP. The Executive shall have such
responsibilities, duties and authority that are consistent with such positions
as may from time to time be assigned to the Executive only, and directly, by the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Executive shall devote
substantially all his working time and efforts to the business and affairs of
the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates; provided, however, that the
Executive may also serve on the boards of directors or trustees or otherwise
participate in the affairs of other non-affiliated companies and organizations,
including, without limitation, industry associations and charitable and civic
endeavors, as long as such service does not substantially interfere with the
performance of his duties hereunder or violate his obligations under Section 10
hereof.

          5.          Compensation and Related Matters.

                    5.1.     Base Salary. (a) The Company shall pay, or cause to
be paid, to the Executive an annual base salary ("Base Salary") during the
period of the Executive's employment hereunder, which shall be at an initial
rate which is no less than the rate of $550,000. The Base Salary shall be paid
in substantially equal bi-weekly installments, in arrears. The Base Salary may
be discretionarily increased by the Board from time to time as the Board deems
appropriate in its business judgment. The Base Salary in effect from time to
time shall not be decreased during the Term. During the period of the
Executive's employment hereunder, the Board shall make an annual review of the
Executive's compensation.

          Compensation of the Executive by Base Salary payments shall not be
deemed exclusive and shall not prevent the Executive from participating in any
other compensation or benefit plan of the Company. The Base Salary payments
(including any increased Base Salary payments) shall not in any way limit or
reduce any other obligation of the Company hereunder, and no other compensation,
benefit or payment hereunder shall in any way limit or reduce the obligation of
the Company to pay the Executive's Base Salary.

                    5.2.     Benefit Plans. (a) The Executive shall be entitled
to participate in or receive benefits under any "employee benefit plan" (as
defined in section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended from time to time ("ERISA")) and any employee benefit arrangement
made available by the Company now or during the period of the Executive's
employment hereunder to their executives and key management employees, subject
to and on a basis consistent with the terms, conditions and overall
administration of such plans and arrangements; provided, however, that there
shall be no duplication of the benefits created by this Agreement. In the event
of duplication of the type or nature of benefits, but not the amount, the
Executive shall be entitled to receive the greater of the amount of benefits
provided under the employee benefit plan or arrangement or created by this
Agreement. The Executive's participation in such employee benefit plans and
arrangements shall be on an appropriate level, as determined by the Board;
provided that, the Executive shall be entitled to a term life insurance policy
with a face amount no less than two and one-half times the Executive's base
salary, which may be provided at the Company's election either through the
Company's life insurance plan (with the applicable flexible credits to be used
towards such life insurance policy) or outside of such life insurance plan.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.2(a) to the contrary (i) in addition
to the above life insurance benefit, the Company shall pay the premiums (not to
exceed $7,800 annually) on a term life insurance policy with a face amount of
$700,000 (the "Replacement Policy"); provided, that in the event the Company is
unable to obtain the Replacement Policy contract except with an annual premium
greater than $7,800, the Executive shall have the option to pay the excess
annual premium personally or to have the Company reduce the face amount of the
Replacement Policy with the face amount that could be provided with the
applicable annual premium) and (ii) the Executive shall not be entitled to any
supplemental defined benefit pension amount provided outside of the Retirement
Income Plan for Non-Union Employees of Central Maine Power Company, or any
successor or replacement plan thereto (the "Basic Plan") in the event the
Executive is entitled to a Supplemental Retirement Benefit, as set forth in
Section 5.2(b) below. The Executive shall designate his spouse as the
beneficiary or beneficiaries under the Replacement Policy and shall be entitled
to designate the beneficiary under the Additional Life Insurance Policy and to
change such designation for the Additional Life Insurance Policy at any time and
from time to time, provided that, in the event that no beneficiary has been
designated by the Executive at the time of his death, the policy benefits shall
be paid in accordance with Section 11.2. The Executive shall not be entitled to
any benefits under any split-dollar life insurance policy maintained by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries and the Executive hereby acknowledges that
any split-dollar life insurance policy in existence has been canceled as of the
Effective Time.

                              (b)      In the event that the Executive
terminates his employment with the Company voluntarily on or after June 1, 2001,
or his employment is terminated for reasons other than death or for Cause, the
Executive shall be entitled to a fully-vested monthly supplemental retirement
benefit equal to (i) the excess of (A) over (B), divided by twelve (12), where:

                    (A)     is 45% of the Executive's Base Salary as of his Date
of Termination, and

                    (B)     is the annual amount payable to the Executive in the
form of a single life annuity under the Basic Plan, commencing on the first of
the month coinciding with or next following the Executive's Date of Termination,
provided however, that for each month (if any) before the earliest commencement
date of the Basic Plan benefit, the amount determined under this paragraph (B)
shall be zero dollars ($0).

          

(The benefit payable under this Section 5.2(b) is the "Supplemental Retirement
Benefit"). The Supplemental Retirement Benefit shall be paid in the form of an
actuarially equivalent 75% joint and surviving spouse annuity (or a single life
annuity if the Executive does not leave a spouse on the Date of Termination),
commencing on the first of the month coinciding with or next following the later
of the Executive's Date of Termination and June 1, 2001. Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Section 5.2(b) to the contrary, (i) if the Supplemental
Retirement Benefit commences later than June 1, 2001, the benefits shall be
increased to be actuarially equivalent to a benefit commencing on June 1, 2001
and (ii) the Supplemental Retirement Benefit shall be reduced by the lesser of
(A) the face amount of the proceeds of the Replacement Policy paid to the
Executive's spouse and (B) $700,000; provided that, in the event the Executive
is paying a portion of the premium towards the Replacement Policy, such
reduction shall take into account (and be reduced by) the face amount of the
Replacement Policy attributable to the premiums paid by the Executive. For all
purposes of this Section 5.2(b), the actuarial equivalents shall be determined
in accordance with the actuarial assumptions in effect under the Basic Plan at
the date of determination.



                    5.3.     Incentive Compensation. The Executive shall be
entitled to participate in or receive benefits under any short or long-term
incentive compensation plan made available by the Company now or during the
period of the Executive's employment hereunder to their executives and key
management employees, subject to and on a basis consistent with the terms,
conditions and overall administration of such plans and arrangements; provided,
however, that the value of the Executive's incentive compensation opportunity
shall not be less than the value of the Executive's incentive compensation
opportunity in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time; and provided ,
further that the Executive shall not be eligible to receive benefits pursuant to
any incentive compensation plan, policy or arrangement of the Company to the
extent the Executive is receiving a similar benefit pursuant to an incentive
compensation plan, policy or arrangement of any of the Company's subsidiaries.

                    5.4.     Fringe Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to
receive any fringe benefits which are made available by the Company now or
during the period of the Executive's employment hereunder to their executives
and key management employees including, without limitation, executive physical
examinations as provided in accordance with the CMP's policies and practices
immediately prior to the Effective Time.

                    5.5.     Expenses. Upon presentation of reasonably adequate
documentation to the Company, the Executive shall receive prompt reimbursement
from the Company or a subsidiary thereof for all reasonable and customary
business expenses incurred by the Executive in accordance with the Company's
policy for reimbursement of business expenses.

                    5.6.     Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to five
(5) weeks of vacation during each year of this Agreement, or such greater period
as the Board shall approve, without reduction in salary or other benefits.


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this
Agreement as of the date first above written.

ENERGY EAST CORPORATION


 /s/ Kenneth M. Jasinski                      


By:
Title:




CMP GROUP, INC.


 /s/ Arthur W. Adelberg                       


By: Arthur W. Adelberg
Title: Executive Vice President




EXECUTIVE


 /s/ David T. Flanagan                        


David T. Flanagan

