Tan Lee Meng J:

1       The plaintiff, Dr Ivon Kwee Lee Fung (“Dr Kwee”), a doctor, and her former husband, Dr Gordon Lim Boon Hui (“Dr Lim”), a gynaecologist and obstetrician, are the only shareholders of Gordon Lim Clinic Pte Ltd (“the company”). Dr Kwee accused Dr Lim of breaching his fiduciary duties to the company by, inter alia, operating a rival clinic in the company’s premises without disclosing this to the company’s board of directors. She applied pursuant to s 216A of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“s 216A”) for leave to commence an action on behalf of the company against Dr Lim with respect to his alleged breach of fiduciary duties. I granted the leave sought and now give the reasons for my decision.

Background

2       Dr Kwee and Dr Lim were married on 3 June 1985. They have five children. Three of their children are graduates while the remaining two are undergraduates.

3       In 1988, the company was incorporated. It issued two shares, one each to Dr Lim and Dr Kwee. Both of them and Dr Lim’s mother, Mdm Irene Goh (“Mdm Goh”), are the company’s directors.

4       The company ran a medical practice called “Gordon Lim Clinic for Women” (“the clinic”) at its registered address at No 6 Napier Road #10-07 Gleneagles Medical Centre, Singapore 258499 (“the Gleneagles property”). At all material times, Dr Lim, but not Dr Kwee, practised at the clinic. The annual income of the clinic exceeded a million dollars in 2008 and 2009.

5       On 21 January 2010, Dr Kwee commenced divorce proceedings against Dr Lim. A few months later, Dr Lim incorporated another company, named “Gordon Lim Clinic and Surgery for Women Pte Ltd” (“the rival company”) in July 2010. He is the sole shareholder of the rival company, which, like the company, uses the Gleneagles property as its registered address. Dr Lim ceased to work under the company’s banner in order to helm the rival company’s medical practice. From 1 October 2010 onwards, the rival company took over the company’s Gleneagles property as its place of business and paid the company an allegedly low monthly rental of $8,000 for the use of the said premises.

6       Dr Kwee alleged that Dr Lim had breached his fiduciary duties to the company as he did not disclose his conflict of interest in relation to the rival company to the company’s board of directors. She asserted that without the knowledge of the company’s board, Dr Lim converted the company’s business from that of running a successful clinic to that of a landlord collecting a below market monthly rental. She sought the following orders:

(a)     that she be granted leave to bring an action in the name and on behalf of the company against Dr Lim for breach of directors’ duties owed to the company;

(b)     that she be authorised to control the conduct of the action and any execution proceedings thereafter;

(c)     that she be granted access to the company’s books, records and documentation to ascertain the full nature and consequences of the breach of directors’ duties and fiduciary duties by Dr Lim, whether committed solely or in conjunction with any other person(s), for the purpose of prosecuting the company’s claim in the action; and